docs(boolean): improve vBoolean docstring (#1386)
collective/icalendar: CHANGES.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Replace the RFC quotations in the docstrings for :attr:`Alarm.REPEAT <icalendar.cal.alarm.Alarm.REPEAT>` and :attr:`Alarm.DURATION <icalendar.cal.alarm.Alarm.DURATION>` with Pythonic descriptions, including parameter notes, conformance references, and worked examples. :issue:`1244`

> - Replace the RFC quotation in the docstring for :class:`vBoolean <icalendar.prop.boolean.vBoolean>` with a Pythonic description, including parsing behavior, a conformance reference, and a worked example. :issue:`1244`

Reviewer: We've changed our change log format in v7.1.1, and now use towncrier to automatically generator the CHANGES.rst file from the change log entries. See https://icalendar.readthedocs.io/en/stable/contribute/index.html#change-log-entry-format.

Would you please revert the change in this file, then add the following content to `/news/1244.documentation`? Then I'll merge. Thank you!

```suggestion
Replaced the RFC quotation in the docstring for :class:`vBoolean <icalendar.prop.boolean.vBoolean>` with a Pythonic description, including parsing behavior, a conformance reference, and a working example. @tsai135
```

Reviewer: Also, following the new change log process will resolve the merge conflicts, and we'll never have to deal with it again. YAY!
